---
title: 'Changelog'
---

# Version 2.2.7
- Fix showbox

# Version 2.2.6
- Fix febbox
- Validate if a stream is actually playable. Streams that are not responding are no longer returned.

# Version 2.2.5
- Add Primewire provider
- Improve VidSrcTo search results
- Fixed Filemoon embeds
- Fixed febbox
- Disabled non-working providers
- Reordered providers in ranking

# Version 2.2.4
- Hotfix for HDRezka provider

# Version 2.2.3
- Fix VidSrcTo
- Add HDRezka provider
- Fix Goojara causing a crash
- Improve react-native URLSearchParams implementation
- Cover an edge case where the title contains 'the movie' or 'the show'

# Version 2.2.2
- Fix subtitles not appearing if the name of the subtitle is in its native tongue.
- Remove references to the old domain
- Fixed ridomovies not working for some shows and movies
- Fixed Showbox not working in react-native.

# Version 2.2.1
- Fixed Closeload scraper

# Version 2.2.0
- Fixed vidsrc.me URL decoding.
- Added ridomovies with Ridoo and Closeload embed.
- Added Goojara.to source.
- Fixed VidSrcTo crashing if no subtitles are found.
- Added Nepu Provider.
- Added vidcloud to flixhq and zoechip.
- Add thumbnail track option to response (Not supported by any providers yet).
- Disabled Lookmovie and swapped Showbox and VidSrcTo in ranking.

# Version 2.1.1
 - Fixed vidplay decryption keys being wrong and switched the domain to one that works

# Version 2.1.0
 - Add preferedHeaders to most sources
 - Add CF_BLOCKED flag to sources that have blocked cloudflare API's
 - Fix vidsrc sometimes having an equal sign where it shouldnt
 - Increase ranking of lookmovie
 - Re-enabled subtitles for febbox-mp4 

# Version 2.0.5
- Disable subtitles for febbox-mp4. As their endpoint doesn't work anymore.

# Version 2.0.4
- Added providers:
  - Add VidSrcTo provider with Vidplay and Filemoon embeds
  - Add VidSrc provider with StreamBucket embeds
- Fixed providers:
  - RemoteStream
  - LookMovie - Fixed captions
  - ShowBox
- Updated documentation to fix spelling + grammar
- User-agent header fix
- Needs the latest simple-proxy update
- Added utility to not return multiple subs for the same language - Applies to Lookmovie and Showbox

# Version 2.0.3
- Actually remove Febbox HLS 

# Version 2.0.2
- Added Lookmovie caption support
- Fix Febbox duplicate subtitle languages
- Remove Febbox HLS

# Version 2.0.1
- Fixed issue where febbox-mp4 would not show all qualities
- Fixed issue where discoverEmbeds event would not show the embeds in the right order

# Version 2.0.0

::alert{type="warning"}
There are breaking changes in this list, make sure to read them thoroughly if you plan on updating.
::

**Development tooling:**
- Added integration test for browser. To make sure the package keeps working in the browser
- Add type checking when building, previously it ignored them
- Refactored the main folder, now called entrypoint.
- Dev-cli code has been split up a bit more, a bit cleaner to navigate
- Dev-cli is now moved to `npm run cli`
- Dev-cli has now has support for running in a headless browser using a proxy URL.
- Fetchers can now return a full response with headers and everything

**New features:**
- Added system to allow scraping IP locked sources through the consistentIpforRequests option.
- There is now a `buildProviders()` function that gives a builder for the `ProviderControls`. It's an alternative to `makeProviders()`.
- Streams can now return a headers object and a `preferredHeaders` object. which is required and optional headers for when using the stream.

**Notable changes:**
- Renamed the NO_CORS flag to CORS_ALLOWED (meaning that resource sharing is allowed)
- Export Fetcher and Stream types with all types related to it
- Providers can now return a list of streams instead of just one.
- Captions now have identifiers returned with them. Just generally useful to have
- New targets and some of them renamed
