# Fetchers

When making an instance of the library using `makeProviders()`. It will immediately make a fetcher.
This comes with some considerations depending on the environment youre running.

## Using `fetch()`
In most cases, you can use the `fetch()` API. This will work in newer versions of Node.js (18 and above) and on the browser.

```ts
const fetcher = makeDefaultFetcher(fetch);
```

If you using older version of Node.js. You can use the npm package `node-fetch` to polyfill fetch:

```ts
import fetch from "node-fetch";

const fetcher = makeDefaultFetcher(fetch);
```

## Using fetchers on the browser
When using this library on a browser, you will need a proxy. Browsers come with many restrictions on when a web request can be made, and to bypass those restrictions, you will need a cors proxy.

The movie-web team has a proxy pre-made and pre-configured for you to use. For more information, check out [movie-web/simple-proxy](https://github.com/movie-web/simple-proxy). After installing, you can use this proxy like so:

```ts
const fetcher = makeSimpleProxyFetcher("https://your.proxy.workers.dev/", fetch);
```

If you aren't able to use this specific proxy and need to use a different one, you can make your own fetcher in the next section.

## Making a custom fetcher

In some rare cases, a custom fetcher will need to be made. This can be quite difficult to do from scratch so it's recommended to base it off an existing fetcher and building your own functionality around it.

```ts
export function makeCustomFetcher(): Fetcher {
  const fetcher = makeStandardFetcher(f);
  const customFetcher: Fetcher = (url, ops) => {
    return fetcher(url, ops);
  };

  return customFetcher;
}
```

If you need to make your own fetcher for a proxy. Make sure you make it compatible with the following headers: `Cookie`, `Referer`, `Origin`. Proxied fetchers need to be able to write those headers when making a request.
