# Development / contributing

::alert{type="warning"}
This page isn't quite done yet, stay tuned!
::

<!--
TODO
- Development setup
- How to make new sources/embeds (link to the page)
- How to use the fetchers, when to use proxiedFetcher
- How to use the context
-->

## Testing using the CLI

Testing can be quite difficult for this library, unit tests can't really be made because of the unreliable nature of scrapers.
But manually testing by writing an entry-point is also really annoying.

Our solution is to make a CLI that you can use to run the scrapers. For everything else there are unit tests.

### Setup
Make a `.env` file in the root of the repository and add a TMDB API key: `MOVIE_WEB_TMDB_API_KEY=KEY_HERE`.
Then make sure you've run `npm i` to get all the dependencies.

### Mode 1 - interactive

To run the CLI without needing to learn all the arguments, simply run the following command and go with the flow.

```sh
npm run cli
```

### Mode 2 - arguments

For repeatability, it can be useful to specify the arguments one by one.
To see all the arguments, you can run the help command:
```sh
npm run cli -- -h
```

Then just run it with your arguments, for example:
```sh
npm run cli -- -sid showbox -tid 556574
```

### Examples

```sh
# Spirited away - showbox
npm run cli -- -sid showbox -tid 129

# Hamilton - flixhq
npm run cli -- -sid flixhq -tid 556574

# Arcane S1E1 - showbox
npm run cli -- -sid zoechip -tid 94605 -s 1 -e 1

# febbox mp4 - get streams from an embed (gotten from a source output)
npm run cli -- -sid febbox-mp4 -u URL_HERE
```

### Fetcher options

The CLI comes with a few built-in fetchers:
 - `node-fetch`: Fetch using the "node-fetch" library.
 - `native`: Use the new fetch built into Node.JS (undici).
 - `browser`: Start up headless chrome, and run the library in that context using a proxied fetcher.

::alert{type="warning"}
The browser fetcher will require you to run `npm run build` before running the CLI. Otherwise you will get outdated results.
::
